Adjusted TaskCompleted date and Year built date. (#52)
Open-Orange-Button/Orange-Button-Taxonomy: docs/whatsnew/2202.1.0.rst

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> * Changed date values to match ISO Format. (:pull:`52`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed ItemType of TaskCompletedDate to dateItemType, corrected sample value (:pull:`52`)
```
